[Data Object] Preview Generator (#8885)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/Development_Documentation/05_Objects/01_Object_Classes/05_Class_Settings/56_Preview_Generator.md

# Preview Generator

### Summary

> Preview Generators provide a Service to get more control over the preview Tab. They provide an UI to pass additional parameters to a URL-Generator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preview Generators provide Services to get more control over the preview Tab. They provide a UI to pass additional parameters to a URL-Generator.
```
